The day has finally come.
It sure has, huh?!
Yeah, I know.
I'm really glad we met!
I've never been this excited
for a soccer match
in my entire life!
Let's go out in that f
ield
and try to do our best!
Everyone,
I am counting on you!
Yes, let's do it!
-Yeah!
-Let's do it!
Let's do our best
and win today!
Yeah!Great! Every
one,
let's go get them!
-Go!
Listen up, everyone!
In this match,
we must not allow
Tsubasa Ozora
to score not
even one goal!
Because, after all,
this is a match
to see if he can score
a goal against me.
Ryo, are you playing
forward today?
I guess so.
Wasn't that supposed
to be Tsubasa?
If you're looking for
Tsubasa, there he is.
[Genzo] [growl]
What is that?!
Tsubasa is in
the center-back?
Let's go!
-Yeah!
[commentator]
And with Mamoru's signal,
Shutetsu's attack begins!
Man, these guys!
[commentator]This is
Shutetsu's famous tactic!
The Forward Teppei
is making his move!
Will they be
the first to score?
A cut!
Nankatsu has just
intercepted that shot!
Ugh! Why you!
-What?
-[commentator] Wow!
What a play!
Shutetsu can't even
touch the ball!
Hey, Tsubasa!
Ryo!
Tsubasa, why don't you
come and
attack me?
This was supposed
to be a fight
between you and me.
[commentator]
Ryo's got it!
Take this, Genzo!
[grunt]
Why aren't you
attacking me, Tsubasa?!
Listen, everyone!
Our enemy is Tsubasa,
and Tsubasa alone!
Hurry up and
start scoring!
Our goal in this match
is 50 points!
Tsubasa, come!
All right, Genzo,
this is a battle
between you and me!
[commentator] With
global scores in a tie,
this match will decide
the final score!
[cheers]
Go, Tsubasa!
[commentator]With the first
half still 0 versus 0,
the captain of
the Shutetsu team,
Genzo Wakabayashi,
has said that
he intends to win
by 50 points.
Shutetsu is playing hard
to make that happen!
[panting]
Huh?
Hajime!
Okay, let's go!
If the enemy is Nankatsu,
50 will be...
-...way too easy!
These guys!
[pants]
W-Woah!
[commentator] Taki
Hajime passes the ball!
That's great!
Now, the first goal!
I can see the goal!
[grunts] [commentat
or] Mamoru is
aiming for a goal
with a direct
middle shot!
The keeper is
jumping desperately
and looks like
he won't make it!
-Got it!
[grunt]
[commentator]Wow!
He stopped it!
He stopped it again!
[commentator]The reigning
champion famous for
its formidable
offensive power,
the Shutetsu team has not
been able to score!
[growl]
[commentator] An
d to think
that their opponent is
the team they previously
beat 30 to 0
in a practice match!
They are being played
- by a single player
-Over here!
from the Team Nankatsu!
Take this!
[commentator]
He is a fantasist
that has appeared
in the field!
He is...
player number 10 of
Nankatsu, Tsubasa Ozora!
He's just protected the goal
with an overhead kick!
-Tsubasa!
All right.
Well done!
Well done, Tsubasa!
Shutetsu can't
even score one goal!
[snicker]
So that's Tsubasa Ozora?
What a great center-back!
He
's just not
an ordinary center-back.
The precision
of his kicks,
his ability to read
the direction of the ball,
and his senses
in the game...
[gasps]
Could he possibly be...?
Everyone,
let's try harder!
Don't leave everything
to Tsubasa!
I got it!
Over here, Hajime!
[grunts]
I'll get the first goal!
Nankatsu is all
about this guy!
We must attack together
until we break the defense!
-Yeah!
We won't let you!
[commentator]
And Shutetsu attacks!
[grunt]
-[gasp]
-[grunting]
Got it!
Ah!
[panting]
-[panting]
-Move!
I won't let you!
[grunting]
This guy's...
[Teppe
i]But we went over
them so easily last time!
[grunt]
[grunting]
We won't let you beat us
that easily!
Not now that we trained
with Coach Roberto!
-Huh? [grunt]
-[grunting]
-[grunt]
-Oh!
The ball!
[commentator]
Nankatsu's Masato
managed to
clear the ball!
Nankatsu escapes from
the danger again!
Ten minutes have passed of
the 20-minute first half.
And the score
is still 0 to 0.
What in the world
are you guys doing
out there?
[Roberto]Perfect...
Just as we planned.
Put Tsubasa as the defense
for the first half
to keep them
from scoring,
and then, play for it
in the second half.
-Whoa!
-[grunt]
Teppei![commentator] Shutetsu
's
lead scorer, Teppei,
leads the attack with
his known dribbling!
[Teppei]
It's embarrassing that I,
Shutetsu's top scorer,
haven't been
able to score yet!
-[grunt] -Oh
no![commentator] Once
again
, an electric
sliding tackle
managed to stop him!
-[cheering] - Shutetsu
remains scoreless,
thanks to the great
efforts of Tsubasa!
[Taro] Shutetsu being
unable to score
is not only
because of Tsubasa.
Everyone! It's okay to go
a little forward!
Got it!
Everyone, go further
to the line!
[Taro]It's because of
that Number 10
that everyone around
can play
without fear
of making mistakes.
By putting him in
the middle as the defense,
Nankatsu's coach
managed to find
the perfect balance
for the team.
It's working.
[Genzo]
It's not only
because of Tsubasa
that we haven't been able
to score.
I must admit that Ryo
and everybody else
is playing better
than before.
I can't believe
that in just-
a few weeks, these
losers -Oh, come on, man.
were able to
get this good.
Hey! Put your bodies
into it!
You're doing great,
Tsubasa!
You can do it!
So how's the little
soccer player doing?
[gasp]
[grunt][commentator] Once
a
gain, Tsubasa
intercepts the ball!
Here it is, Ryo!
[grunting]
[commentator]Tsubasa makes
a long pass to Ryo!
Nankatsu has been making
the same play
all game long!
Can they use
this chance?!
[growl]
[commentator] Oh!
And Goalkeeper
Genzo
is running forward!
-Captain!
What?!
[scream]
[commentator]Genzo makes
a decisive striking slide!
Come on, Ryo!
[growl]
Tsubasa!
[commentator]
Genzo is t
aking aim...
[grunt] [comme
ntator]
...and makes a long kick!
But this ball...
[grunts]
[commentator]This ball was
directly aimed at
the opposing team's
Tsubasa!
A very strange
pass miss for Genzo!
[Genzo]Tsubasa,
come and fight me!
Huh?
This is a...
a direct challenge
from Genzo.
[gasps]
Looks like we've just
entered into overtime.
Let's do it.
Ah!
Oh!
[commentator] What?
He's dribbling!
He was playing as
the defensive, but now,
Tsubasa has started
on the offensive!
It can't be!
Wait, Tsubasa!
The plan!
[laughs]
Putting Tsubasa
as the defense
seems pointless,
doesn't it?
Huh?
C-Captain!
Tsubasa's soccer style
is not
about the defense.
He aims to score.
You know that!
-[grunting]
-[Mr. Ozora] Let's go!
That's right!
Just go!
Do it Tsubasa!
That's my father!
Wow!
This guy is crazy!
You dare to look away in
the middle of the match!
[grunt]
-[grunt]
-What?!
[grunt]
[com
mentator]
Amazing!No one see
ms to
be able to stop Tsubasa!
[Genzo]
Come to me! [Rober
to] Tsubasa, the best
defense is the offense!
Now go get that goal!
That's right!
This match is supposed
to be between
Tsubasa and
the Captain Genzo!
I have to make it!
-[cheering]
-Let's go, Tsubasa!
Here I come, Genzo!
Come at me, Tsubasa!
[commentator]
That's the middle-shot
- from Tsubasa!
-Huh?
[Genzo]
It's going this way!
[yell]
[commentator] Genzo ma
naged
to deflect it!
-[cheering]
-Aww, come on!
[commentator]Nice shot!
And what a nice save!
What a first clash
between these two!
[Tsubasa]
Amazing!
I was sure that course
was fireproof
for him being
right-handed!
[Genzo] Oh no,
I didn't catch the ball!
[Taro] Genzo... It
was amazing you manag
ed
to deflect that shot.
But the fact
Tsubasa Ozora
was able to aim and
shoot that course...
looks like he's a striker,
after all.
-All right! All right!
-[cheering]
[commentator]
Well, it's time for
Nankatsu's corner kick!
And Tsubasa will do it!
[Genzo] If he is
taking the corner,
where will he aim?
Listen, Tsubasa.
[Tsubasa]
Aim a little outward
from the center
of the ball,
with an in-front kick,
as if just grazing
the ball!
[commentator]
He takes the corner!
I got it!
It's a cross to Ryo!
[grunting]
[commentator]
The ball
took a turn!
- Tsubasa used a curved ball
-[grunt]
- to aim for a direct goal!
Genzo barely grazes
the ball with his fingers!
-[groan]
-Yes, that's it!
[commentator]
And it's past him!
Genzo can't
reach the ball!
Oh! But the ball
hits the post!
[gasps]
[grunts]
[whistle]
[commentator]
And that's it!
With the end of
the first half!
What a close
play that was!
With Tsubasa's corner kick
aiming for a direct goal!
We're still 0 against 0.
What a great first half!
[Taro]
What an amazing curve!
I'm not sure even
I could curve it like that.
[Roberto]
Tsubasa...
It is like him to use
a move he just learned
in a critical moment
like that.
Oh!
[Tsubasa]
Hey, Dad!
Mhm.
You all right, Captain?!
[Genzo]
It went right past me!
[laughs]
What do you think,
Tsubasa?
I bet you were surprised!
Yeah, of course I was!
I mean, you never told me
when you were coming back,
so of course
I'm surprised!
Hey, so it looks like
Tsubasa's dad
came back, huh?
Everyone...Thank you for
taking care
of Tsubasa for me.
No, no, it was nothing.
Don't be pretentious!
-[players laugh]
-All right.
That was a great
first half, everyone.
-Yes, Coach!
Tsubasa, that was
a really close one!
Just a bit more and it would
have entered the goal!
We can't be too greedy.
But it was the first time
we managed to keep
Shutetsu from scoring
against us
in the first half.
Yeah! I know.
That's right, Tsuyoshi!
However...
There was someone
who ignored the plan,
wasn't there?
You, Tsubasa!
[chuckles]
I also disobeyed
my coach's directions
from time to time.
Huh?!There were t
imes
when it went better
than what he had
actually planned...
just like Tsubasa this time.
Oh...
[Roberto]
Listen up!
Soccer is a game
that is played
based on your judgment.
You must play believing in
yourselves from now on!
-Yes, Coach!
That's right!
If you do only
as you're told,
you'll never improve
your abilities!
That's right!
You must remembe
r
our offensive!
Use both sides to stretch
their defensive line
and create an opening
in the middle!
-Yes!
[coach] The Nankatsu team
we face today
is not the one
we usually face!
But we're still superior
when it comes to
holding the ball.
Don't let your guard down
on the second half!
-Understood!
-[Genzo] Guys...
-Huh?
I'm counting on you.
Just go...
and score a goal.
What do you mean, Captain?
I'm not going
to ask you
to score 50 points anymore.
But please...
score one goal.
[Hanji] [laughs]
How about that?
Just like I said,
Shutetsu is having
a hard time, isn't it?
Depending on how
the second half goes,
they could really lose
the match today.
-Oh well...
-Hmm...
Got it?If you see an opportun
ity
in the second half,
I want you to take it!
Yeah!
Now, go and play, team!
Yeah, Coach!
-[Mr. Ozora] Tsubasa!
-Huh?
If you're going to play,
then give it your all,
got it?
You know,
your dad hates losing!
Uh-huh.
[commentator] Now,
the half time is over
and the teams are back
on the field!
And the 20 minutes of
the second half begin!
Let's go, Shutetsu!
-Let's go, Shutetsu!
Let's win, Shutetsu!
-Let's win, Shutetsu!
[yelling]
Let's go for
the second half!
Ugh. They're only trying
to be cool right now.
-Fight, Shutetsu!
Keep it up and
don't give up, Nankatsu!
Shutetsu!
[commentator]
Change of sides.
And Nankatsu is
kicking off the ball
for the second half!
[whistle]
Huh?
-[yell]
-[grunt]
-What?!
[commentator] A double
tackle by Shutetsu!
Shutetsu steals
the ball high!
It seems Shutetsu's mood
has changed.
It's the captain...
It's the first time
he's ever asked us that.
We'll get one goal,
no matter what!
Everyone, fall back!
[commentator] Shut
etsu
attacks ferociously!
And Nankatsu's defense
is being pulled back!
Hajime sends the ball
to Teppei!
And he catches it! Th
is is Shutetsu's famous
combination tactic!
We won't let you!
[commentator] Nankatsu's
defense is
panicking
and trying to
block Teppei!
[grunting]
[commentator] That's
danger for Nankatsu!
There's a player
very near to the goal!
Mamoru!
Kick it!
Kick it out of bounds!
[whistle]
[commentator]
Nankatsu kicks the ball
outside of the field
and managed to e
scape
a dangerous situation!
[pants]
That sucks!
[growl]
These guys...
they're really fired up.
[commentator] The th
row-in
is ideal for Shutetsu!
-All right, Shingo...
-Huh?
...you got it!
Leave it to me!
-Shingo is doing
-the throw in!
[commentator]
What's this?
Looks like the
center-back of Shutetsu,
Shingo,
is going to do
the throw in.
Wasn't he supposed to be
playing defense?
What are they up to?
Here I come!
[yelling]
Ah![com
mentator]And Shingo
makes a long throw!
Amazing! The ball is headed
straight for Marmoru
who's in front
of the goal!
Tsubasa, go!
Yes, Captain!
I won't lose!
You're about to
find out that,
out of all Shutetsu...
I can jump the highest!
[commentator]Marmoru and
Tsubasa clash mid-air!
And the ball gets away!
-[growl]
-Ah!
[commentator] Nankatsu's
Manabu recovers
the ball!
-Not today!
-[scream]
[commentator]But Teppei
manages to steal the ball
and he's aiming
for the goal!
[gasp] [commentator]
Ts
ubasa is still recovering
from the collision!
I got it!
[grunt]
[commentator]
And it is in!
Teppei's brilliant shot
goes right into
the left side
of the goal!
[laugh]
We did it!
[commentator]And the first
goal is for Shutetsu!
For Shutetsu!
Well done!
Did you see that
,
Nankatsu?!
This is Shutetsu's
true strength!
With this point,
we've got the game!
Although Nankatsu
tried really hard!
Yeah, that's right.
[laughs]
-[Tsubasa] It's not over!
-Huh?
It's not over!
The game has barely begun!
Are you listening to me,
Shutetsu?!
What?
That's right!
Just like Tsubasa says!
We are just starting!
[Roberto]That's good,
Tsubasa, everyone.
Smash down Shutetsu
with those spirits!
Because the true battle
has just begun!
[Genzo]
Guys, thanks a lot.
This goal, I'll do
everything to protect it!
What in the world
was that?!
Is it even possible
to throw it that far?!
Looks like it is.
Just a
s expected,
Shutetsu.
To be able to work
as a team,
but also individually.
Are these the skills of
a national champion?
Since Nankatsu finished
the first half nicely,
I imagine this goal must
be a heavy blow to them.
And starting
the second half like this,
how will Nankatsu plan
to recover?
[commentator]What?
What's this?
It seems like Nankatsu
is making some changes
in its positions.
The center-back Tsubasa,
is going to
the front!
So you will finally
come at me, Tsubasa?
Let's do it, Tsubasa!
Uh-huh!
[Mr.
Ozora]
If they take it from you,
you go get it
back. That's the g
olden rule
of a challenge, Tsubasa!
[commentator]
And the match continues!
Tsubasa start kicking
the ball going forward
to Shutetsu's side!
Let's go guys!
Go with Tsubasa!
[panting]
Stop him!
We must not
let him attack!
Come on, guys!
Uh...
Uh... Huh?
What the--?
-Incredible!
-Let's go, Tsubasa!
[commentator] Tsubasa
manages to keep the ball
and goes into
Shutetsu's side!
Shingo, stop him!
He is going to shoot!
It doesn't matter!
Let him shoot!
Huh?
Come at me!
Here I go!
[commentator]
Tsubasa strikes
directly from
in front of the goal!
I knew you were
going this way!
[yelling]
[commentator]
Nice catch from Genzo!
He jumped sideways and
managed to catch it!
[grunt] Amazing!
Even that course...
I may have showed you
an opening
in the first
half, but as lon
g as I can
read these curves,
I won't let
it pass by me.
Everyone, go while
Tsubasa can't go back!
Let's go for another goal!
Got it!
Oh, crap!
Everyone, fall back!
[commentator]
And the roles change!
This is Shutetsu's
counterattack!
I won't let you!
[grunting]
-Get out of the way!
-We won't lose! [panting]
But we were able
to crush them before!
[grunting]
Hajime!
Okay! Let's go for
the second goal!
What the--?! [c
ommentator]Tsubasa steals
the ball from Hajime!
When did he get back?!
Let's go, Tsubasa!
[Taro]
He's fast!
But more than his
speed,
his ability to change
from attack to defense
is amazing!
Come on! Shoot!
-He's going to shoot!
-What? Impossible!
He's still in Nankatsu's
side of the field!
[commentator]
Can this be...?
Tsubasa takes
an extra-long shot
from Nankatsu's side
of the field!
Will this be the goal
to tie the match?